DOC-1921 RS v6.4.2-43 March release notes and docs (#2412)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-4-2.md

### Redis modules 

Redis Enterprise Software v6.4.2 includes the new features delivered in the latest [Redis Stack release (v6.2.6)](https://redis.com/blog/introducing-redis-stack-6-2-6-and-7-0-6/ ):

- [RediSearch v2.6.4](https://docs.redis.com/latest/modules/redisearch/release-notes/redisearch-2.6-release-notes/#v264-december-2022)

- [RedisJSON v2.4.5](https://docs.redis.com/latest/modules/redisjson/release-notes/redisjson-2.4-release-notes/#v245-february-2023)

- [RedisBloom v2.4.3](https://docs.redis.com/latest/modules/redisbloom/release-notes/redisbloom-2.4-release-notes/#v24-ga-v243-november-2022)

- [RedisGraph v2.10.5](https://docs.redis.com/latest/modules/redisgraph/release-notes/redisgraph-2.10-release-notes/#v2105-december-2022)

- [RedisTimeSeries v1.8.5](https://docs.redis.com/latest/modules/redistimeseries/release-notes/redistimeseries-1.8-release-notes/#v185-january-2023)

### Resolved issues

- RS95344 - Fix custom installation linkage bug for files related to Active-Active

- RS91554 - Enhance visibility of `redis_mgr` 

- RS90496 - Improve cross-node communication to support failovers

- RS93004 - Allow positive `audit_port` configuration

> - RS58918 - Reduce the number of blocked clients by blocking only clients requested to flush until completion. Other clients won’t be affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS58918 - Reduce the number of blocked clients by blocking only clients requested to flush until completion. Other clients won't be affected.
```

Reviewer: @rrelledge This first sentence is a bit unclear to me. Does it make full sense to you?

Author: @nermiller I agree this was a bit confusing. I looked up the ticket associated with this fix for more context and tried to reword it:

"Reduce the number of clients blocked by flushing a database. Only the client that requested the flush will be blocked until the action finishes. Other clients won't be affected."

Reviewer: Crystal clear now!

> - RS58918 - Reduce the number of blocked clients by blocking only clients requested to flush until completion. Other clients won't be affected.

Author: ```suggestion
- RS58918 - Reduce the number of clients blocked by flushing a database. Only the client that requested the flush will be blocked until the action finishes. Other clients won't be affected.
```

> - RS85447 - When creating a database, the memory size is total memory for the database, not total dataset size. Therefore, if you enable replication and the database has two shards, each shard will have half of the allocated memory size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS85447 - When creating a database, the memory size is total memory for the database, not the total dataset size. Therefore, if you enable replication and the database has two shards, each shard will have half of the allocated memory size.
```

Support for `rladmin` will be added in a future 6.4.2 maintenance release.

### Known operating system limitations

#### RHEL 7 and RHEL 8

RS95344 - CRDB database will not start on Redis Enterprise v6.4.2 with a custom installation path.

For a workaround, use the following commands to add the relevant CRDB files to the Redis library:

```sh
$ yum install -y chrpath
$ find $installdir -name "crdt.so" | xargs -n1 -I {} /bin/bash -c 'chrpath -r ${libdir} {}'
```

This limitation was fixed in Redis Enterprise v6.4.2-43 (March maintenance release).

#### Ubuntu 20.04

- By default, you cannot use the SHA1 hash algorithm ([OpenSSL’s default security level is set to 2](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/focal/man3/SSL_CTX_set_security_level.3ssl.html#notes)). The operating system will reject SHA1 certificates even if the `mtls_allow_weak_hashing` option is enabled. You need to replace SHA1 certificates with newer certificates that use SHA-256. Note that the certificates provided with Redis Enterprise Software use SHA-256.  

- RS95824 - Can't run `rl_rdbconvert` manually on Debian-based systems

#### Ubuntu 16, 18, 20

> RS95824 - Error occurs when running `rl_rdbconvert` manually.

Author: ```suggestion
RS95824 - An error occurs when running `rl_rdbconvert` manually.
```
